product1.PNG
Beautiful Spirit Basket
105
"Let them know how much you care with a gorgeous bouquet that features carnations, stock, roses, lilies and Fuji mums. Each bloom is a thoughtful reminder of your support and love, while sitting in a beautifully crafted basket.",

 product2.PNG
The Spathiphyllum Plant
80
"Everyone could use a little peace in their life! Commonly known as the peace lily, our spathiphyllum plant is a favorite among just about everyone and perfect for every occasion. This beautiful plant is long–lasting and has an amazing effect on any room with its lush leaves and white flowers.",

product3.PNG
Comfort Planter
66
"The Comfort Planter offers unspoken words of hope and peace during this time of loss and sadness. Our stylish and sophisticated white ceramic planter holds an elegant 6\" peace lily plant, which exhibits brilliant white tear-shaped blooms amongst dark green foliage for a simply beautiful effect.",

product4.PNG
Eternal Friendship Bouquet
100
"An exuberance of bright and beautiful white blossoms provides an exquisite way to deliver your expressions of sympathy and comfort. This life affirming tribute combines white roses, snapdragons and Asiatic lilies accented by lush greens arranged in a clear glass 8\" vase. An excellent choice for a wake, funeral service or for sending your condolences to the home of grieving family or friends.",

product5.PNG
Long Stem Pink Rose Bouquet
200
"Enjoy the classic beauty of the rose with a playful twist in our Long Stem Pink Rose Bouquet. This arrangement features all pink roses that will look especially pretty in the hands of those you cherish most.",

product6.PNG
Clear Skies Bouquet
135
"Let this uplifting arrangement be reminders of the clear skies ahead. Capturing the feeling of hope that a new day brings, this bouquet is composed of voluminous hydrangea blooms and vibrant belladonna delphinium to refresh their mood.",

product7.PNG
Beyond Blue Bouquet
92
"There is something about the shade of blue that brings a sense of calmness and serenity. Our Beyond Blue bouquet is designed with billowing white blooms and pops of bold florals to deliver just the right sentiment for any reason.",

product8.PNG
Alluring Elegance Bouquet
115
"An illuminating array of florals brings an air of elegance to any room it's placed. This arrangement features refined florals like lilies, Queen Anne's Lace and Veronica in a clear glass vase to add a touch of sophisticated style to your special occasions.",

product9.PNG
Beach House Bouquet
125
"Take yourself on a seaside getaway with our Beach House Bouquet. The calming blue hydrangea is the perfect pair for the peach carnations and roses. Enjoy the fun lavender button pompons as a colorful contrast to the classic blooms.",

product10.PNG
Pastel Peace Basket
105
"The Pastel Peace Basket is a sweet and simple way to offer your condolences. Lavender roses, fuchsia gerbera daisies, lavender daisies, purple larkspur, purple matsumoto asters, pink mini carnations and lush greens are arranged to perfection in a round whitewash handled basket to create a gift that expresses your wishes for sympathy and peace.",

product11.PNG
Picnic Tulips
70
"Celebrate mom with the classic beauty of our Picnic Tulips. These captivating colors shine brightest in spring around fun birthdays, anniversaries and as a Mother's Day surprise.",

product12.PNG
Sunshine & Joy Garden
65
"The color yellow expresses happiness, imagination and fun, as does this garden! The perfect present for anyone on any occasion, this plant is filled to the brim with smiles. This garden is overflowing with a collection of two yellow Kalanchoes, a golden Pothos and a Croton plant. The flowers may arrive in buds, only to bloom in a short time.",
